<h2>InnoSys</h2>
Management utilizes establishing synergy. We need synergy in order to synchronize energy. Synergy makes organization more powerful. Consider the following scenario. Suppose we have two identical horses. We want to move the cart with the horses. We need to align two horses in the same side. If we align two horses opposite sides, the cart would no longer move. You can easily see that the cart doesn’t only need energy for movement. It also requires organization of energy. We gave this a name. The name we chosen is synergy. Origin of synergy is Greek. Greeks says sunergos(sun means together and ergon means work). Sunergos means working together. As we mentioned previously we need more than energy, we also need synergy in order to obtain the best performance. Just like a cart, all organizations, all institutions, all countries needs synergy. In the absence of the synergy, all of these purged. Therefore, all of these uses some methods in order to maintain synergy. They use laws, rules to maintain order. They used them from thousands years. Now, we have technology. We can integrate technology for obtaining better system. Better system implies better management. By the way, InnoSys is a Hi-Tech based management system. InnoSys includes latest technologies (i.e. Block Chain, AI, Quantum Computing)
<h3>1.Elements of InnoSys</h3>
InnoSys includes several elements for management. 
    <li>GovChain:Governs how to entire organization operates and stores constitution</li>
    <li>DocChain: Designed for sharing and storing notions, articles, designs etc.</li>
    <li> EventChain: Stores occurred events. It’s a blockchain integrated newspaper and social media. </li>
    <li> FChain: It’s financial service of the organization.</li>
